Update upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md (#7599)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md

 To increase the compatibility of your project, update all jobs and environments to the `Latest` release track and follow our [upgrade guide](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion). 
- There are some significant changes, these can also be found in the [upgrade guide](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion).

> - Make sure you're using a supported data warehouse and authentication method:

Author: ```suggestion
- Make sure you're using a supported adapter and authentication method:
```
